Hi, guys.
Walker.
In this lecture, we are going to display the preparing products.
Okay, now, to do this, first of all, what we can do is we can go to the customer or the screen where
we already have similar functionality.
So what we can just do is we can light everything and use control and see to copy and back to the seller
order.
Sorry, back to the preparing screen.
We can then light everything and get rid of this and then we can paste and first of all we can get rid
of this unused import and then we can allow it.
Similar.
And then we can.
We name this back to preparing screen.
OC Contra and B both.
This time around we are going to retrieve orders where the delivery.
Remember, within the fields we have a field known as delivery status.
We are going to retrieve orders based on where the delivery set is is equal to.
Is a choir to create pair in this country and save.
And just preparing products are then going to be displayed over here.
Okay.
Sounds good.
I think we are still having this about.
We can just get rid of that.
Look where we have that upper.
Okay.
We could alight and is concerned that we can remove this.
That way we can just.
Get rid of this harbor.
Get rid of.
It.
OC is country and has to save.
And we could also get rid of this unused import.
And check this out.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
And currently we have the preparing products.
And when the product is sent for shipping is then going to be displayed over here.
And when the product has been finally shipped, it's going to be it's going to be marked as delivered
and it's then going to be displayed over by Cisco.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.